[OSDOCS#17176]: Make changes as per the errors and warnings for CQA-1 (#114179)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/security-understanding-containers.adoc

[id="security-understanding-containers_{context}"]
= What are containers?

[role="_abstract"]

> Containers package applications and their dependencies into single, portable images that enable consistent deployment across development, test, and production environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Containers package applications and their dependencies into single, portable images that you can use for consistent deployment across development, test, and production environments.
```
